sing all well seen on the channel today I go
make a single with hello kitty super
And let's start the tutorial
both Japan as a basis for the nails and
I also painted the short nail I chose
It was the jungle dava nova flow that is the niche
with bright has got a kind of play
and fat and cyclones and then
will use a new color niche
pink and I'm going to use this new niche to have
real one to see the best for like
niche that I chose as short background
has the stamp sparkles to hello kitty new
scaly this better but how I create and
I did as you can see the thighs
want
then leaving the agreements here and
then I'll dry this page to the
that had then is little bit b 87
if you do not have a little bit of
correct stamping ok can draw the
Hello Kitty
I will also use brave
black percentage which is the color that best
with the colors I chose from the background
then I'll apply egg in the trio of
rock thin because I will remove the head of
cabinets and then step from the dream to the
stamp and then stamping the step
say to my fingernail
as I said earlier would not have
punishment page can only gain there the
what she is not even very difficult
to draw I make page coast because it is
easier for me left applied
Niche is transparent and ready, I'm crazy.
it's already done
I hope you have enjoyed this manicure
Thank you so much for watching and even
press